gh-101578: Amend PyErr_{Set,Get}RaisedException docs (#101962)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/exceptions.rst

.. c:function:: PyObject *PyErr_GetRaisedException(void)

   Return the exception currently being raised, clearing the error indicator at
   the same time.

   This function is used by code that needs to catch exceptions,
   or code that needs to save and restore the error indicator temporarily.

   For example::

      {
         PyObject *exc = PyErr_GetRaisedException();

         /* ... code that might produce other errors ... */

         PyErr_SetRaisedException(exc);
      }

   .. seealso:: :c:func:`PyErr_GetHandledException`,
                to save the exception currently being handled.

   .. versionadded:: 3.12

.. c:function:: void PyErr_SetRaisedException(PyObject *exc)

   Set *exc* as the exception currently being raised.

>    If another exception is already raised, it is cleared first.

Reviewer: I think this is a little more vague than "If the exception is already set" (to understand this I need to know that the two mean the same thing).

Reviewer 2: Are any of these suggestions clearer for you?

```suggestion
   If an exception is already being raised, it is cleared first.
```

or

```suggestion
   If an exception is already set as being raised, it is cleared first.
```

or

```suggestion
   If an exception is already set, that exception is cleared first.
```

Reviewer 2: Presumably continued [here](https://github.com/python/cpython/pull/101962#discussion_r1110978468)

>    Set *exc* as the exception currently being raised.
>    If another exception is already raised, it is cleared first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Clear the exception currently being raised and set it to *exc*.
```

Reviewer 2: I like the more concise language, though the above implies that another exception will always be raised when this is used, which I'm guessing is not necessarily the case. Refining it further to avoid that, leading with the parameter name for easy scannability and consistency of reference docs per Diataxis, and making the sentence structure a little easier to parse:

```suggestion
   Set *exc* as the exception currently being raised,
   clearing the existing exception if one is set.
```

Reviewer: LGTM

.. c:function:: PyObject *PyErr_GetRaisedException(void)

   Return the exception currently being raised, clearing the error indicator at
   the same time.

   This function is used by code that needs to catch exceptions,
   or code that needs to save and restore the error indicator temporarily.

>    Example::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   For example::
```

Since this is prose

      {
         PyObject *exc = PyErr_GetRaisedException();

         /* ... code that might produce other errors ... */

         PyErr_SetRaisedException(exc);
      }

   Use :c:func:`PyErr_GetHandledException` to fetch the exception

>    currently being handled.

Author: Perhaps this sentence should live in the `seealso` directive.

Reviewer 2: Yes; it would make a good bit more sense IMO than the current, since it seems rather redundant to me to have a whole See Also callout for the very next function that just one line away, which to me is more confusing and distracting than helpful. I've made a suggestion to that effect.

>    .. seealso:: :c:func:`PyErr_SetRaisedException`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   .. seealso:: :c:func:`PyErr_GetHandledException`, to fetch the exception currently being handled.
```

As discussed above

   .. versionadded:: 3.12

.. c:function:: void PyErr_SetRaisedException(PyObject *exc)

   Set *exc* as the exception currently being raised.
   If another exception is already raised, it is cleared first.

>    .. note::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   .. caution::
```

Maybe worth using an admonition class more appropriate for an advisory message, rather than a mere informational one—i.e. bad things will happen if you don't pay attention to this, which is the intended semantics of `caution`.

Author: TIL!

      This call steals a reference to *exc*, which must be a valid exception.

>    .. seealso:: :c:func:`PyErr_GetRaisedException`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   .. seealso:: :c:func:`PyErr_GetRaisedException`, to save the current exception.
```

I find it helpful here (and generally) to provide a bit of explicit context as to _why_ readers might want to see this other function.

.. c:function:: PyObject *PyErr_GetRaisedException(void)

   Return the exception currently being raised, clearing the error indicator at
   the same time.

   This function is used by code that needs to catch exceptions,
   or code that needs to save and restore the error indicator temporarily.

   For example::

      {
         PyObject *exc = PyErr_GetRaisedException();

         /* ... code that might produce other errors ... */

         PyErr_SetRaisedException(exc);
      }

>    .. seealso::
> 
>       * :c:func:`PyErr_SetRaisedException`,
>         to set the current raised exception.

Reviewer 2: As mentioned previously, I would suggest eliminating this one as it is listed on the very next line—it would be rather noisy to list the many directly adjacent related functions like this.

```suggestion
   .. seealso:: :c:func:`PyErr_GetHandledException`,
                to fetch the exception currently being handled.
```

Or, if it really does need both, as [officially documented](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/directives.html#directive-seealso) and done elsewhere, a See-Also should have its contents formatted as a definition list:

```suggestion
   .. seealso::

      :c:func:`PyErr_SetRaisedException`
         To set the current raised exception.

      :c:func:`PyErr_GetHandledException`
         To fetch the exception currently being handled.
```

Author: I'm not sure if we need the cross-linking between the set/get APIs. IMO, it leads to too much clutter.

>       * :c:func:`PyErr_GetHandledException`,
>          to fetch the exception currently being handled.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Either way, eliminate this (as I've incorporated is as necessary above)

   .. versionadded:: 3.12

.. c:function:: void PyErr_SetRaisedException(PyObject *exc)

   Set *exc* as the exception currently being raised.
   If another exception is already raised, it is cleared first.

>    .. caution::

Reviewer 2: Unfortunately, the existing Python docs theme appears to be completely missing formatting for the caution admonition—in fact, it appears to lack such for every admonition I tested except for `warning` and `note`. So, it seems we have to either have to upgrade this to a warning:

```suggestion
   .. warning::
```

or, downgrade it back to a note:

```suggestion
   .. note::
```

Author: I'd prefer a warning. APIs that steal references are a source of bugs; IMO it is worth it to place emphasis on such deviances.
